Hagar's Welcome back to the course so we are going to do the follow along section for topicality on
Twitter.
You guys remember how this works.
It's pretty simple.
What you want to do is you want to look for articles or blogs that have been shared or posted recently
that relate to your topic.
And then what you wanted to do is find the links for those then use Twitter search just to find people
who share those.
Now what kind of a key differentiator here that makes this work is that if you find an article that
somehow relates to that person having a problem with it or interested in it.
So a lot of people to share anything.
There's a lot of people who just share ten times a day.
But if you find something where.
So say if I'm doing how to come up with business ideas and I want to find an article that works for
that one I'd probably look for something that has to do with it being difficult.
Here's ways of getting out of this difficult situation so they might share that because they've experienced
it.
They're in that situation or they've passed it so they have some type of relationship to it.
Now that's what I might do.
The product manager course I have or I might do the how to come up with business ideas.
It just depends.
Business Ideas only problem is when you're looking for a blog.
You might run into things that are older or don't necessarily represent them having a problem with it
but with become a product manager I could definitely find people who are posting blog posts or news
articles that are specifically about getting the job.
So I feel like don't want to be a little more on point.
So what we can try.
We just dip our toes and see how it works for how to get business ideas and see how that goes.
So first thing you always do go to Google and then what we'll do is my guess is that there is something
out there that's like a 101 business ideas or something like that.
So this idea is OK so there's a lot of these.
So my guess is anybody sharing one of these is probably interested.
And I know my message to any of these people is going to be like oh I did some of these in my video
or my course so I could do it.
News.
OK so there's a couple here like this Mashable link is pretty good so probably want to copy these down
I guess that's not super useful we'll go back to all of these are going to be just gold.
And Ryan Robinson My neighbor he also is a pretty popular post on this.
So small biz that he is for beginners that's perfect for me.
So you know there's real maybe some cross-pollination here where people who are sharing this might just
have an account that sells something to people who are trying to start a business that that's possible
but it could also be people who are trying to start their own business.
OK so these are all kind of an angle of why people were trying to save money which is going to play
to our advantage or not.
So anyway here's Nashville one on point for shares.
Woo.
What we'll do is we'll just go straight to Twitter.
I don't actually think that we need to use Basim for this.
If I was doing a comprehensive sweep then you are totally opposed to the amount.
Do all of that but just for the purposes of doing this we can.
So pretty sure that everything this link is necessary now maybe not.
We got so one of the problems is that Twitter is going to convert this.
So what I might have to do is to site
nothing interesting.
So maybe what I need to do is just isolate this business idea.
You can launch for cheap or free so others do this because if they're directly sharing it it should
have that title right there.
OK.
There you go.
So that's one of the problems that you type in the link.
What'll happen is it.
No one has that links show up because Twitter automatically changes it to something funky.
What you can do and this is a little bit of a hack is you can take this link right here and then put
it in your tweet like that and then it's kind of obnoxious but you tweeted out it'll show you what the
condensed version looks like and then you can copy that.
So anybody who uses the automatic Twitter link sharpener will show up on a search for that.
So if I say I tweeted this out let's say it is like Twitter code slash x y z are you on I get for that
and find all the people that shared that one.
So all that automatically did that that would work.
So it just didn't work for me because I have a custom link shortening.
So that wouldn't work but this is something you guys can do if you're stuck anyway.
And how will share this.
OK so 14 hours is not really so I think what's going to happen here is that some of these posts are
a little bit old and I get a little bit old in terms of like Mashable which means oh my god it's 10
days old it's ancient like a dinosaur.
But like for instance this guy is pretty good six hours crazed.
OK so what I can do from this is now make a list of people and I will do such a thing.
So I did this before in Excel but I use Evernote just way too much way too.
It's way easier for me.
So take these statuses
and then it just becomes manual grimed.
Now this is getting a little bit old but because it was 10 days ago.
But again they messaged and each time you respond.
So any time they get on Twitter they will see that you sent this to them.
OK.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to get like five of these I think
go from there being ever if I wanted to focus more bang for your buck I would probably focus on people
who have more retweet or more comments because then what happens if I comment on this.
All these people that liked the post will get a notification.
But you know it's not going to be a huge difference.
Again guys run in the manual section so if you think that this is there's a faster way of doing this
like here is really no point optimizing it right now.
Bobby Moore interesting So a lot of times it'll happen is like Bobby Umar post and then he has three
read tweets.
And then what I can do is like see this person tweeting it.
The question is just whether I can find the post.
Susan 17:3
shop Bhave.
There we go.
All right now I can comment on her retweet.
I should be able to see this.
Yes it would be pointed to her.
So this would actually work.
So I think that's enough to just kind of show you an example of how this works.
All right so what would I say in a message see when these guys back up my face.
I am a side hustler.
Billy my online business my from my closet my wife or kids I sleep in or.
So what I might say something like Did you find this useful useful.
I tried covering
it here and I will link to course
and
say something like harder said than done.
All right find practicality doing it are all
sufficient.
Whatever.
So I'm willing to sacrifice people.
I might copy paste but don't do it more than like four or five times because then all they can do is
look at your timeline and see that you're sending copy and pasted messages.
So it just lowers your chances of them responding.
So you at list can I get rid of them as we go in Spanish.
I don't know if this is really going to work.
But you know see that cost me like three seconds of my life.
So it's worth stopping and saying oh maybe they can't read this.
Maybe they can.
I don't know why I don't know.
They're sharing something it's in English.
If they aren't always bilingual.
So I think my angle here is just going to be the whole like I did the real tactics.
No it's not entirely super intuitive.
We'll see how it works.
OK so we're just going to move through the list.
Power through it and then call it a day for this on.
OK.
It's beyond easy starting a business for almost nothing.
But what businesses are guaranteed to make it MAY to make big money capital.
So that's one of my customers.
I might say just depends on the size of the idea.
Mr. You can shoot for your column for this whatever.
And then don't need to go back and get my link again.
Does this make sense.
I don't know.
Quintessence I mean on even nice name.
He's a social opener influencer thought leader helping B2B clients with social media.
I don't know why people call themselves influencers or thought we are that kind of seems counterintuitive
but we see it as
same old.
He's an entrepreneur connecter founder of do failures run for OK.
Typically when I do this technique I try to avoid these people the ones who are it just because well
you know it just depends on your product.
You're just less likely to hear a response from them.
You go after people who don't have a lot of followers then you're more likely to get someone who's here
to respond.
So what I might do instead is like go after some of these people who retweeted it which is areally easy
I mean they don't make this hard at all.
OK.
So this guy this guy has a lot of followers but you can see the fact that his ratio of following to
followers just means that he's probably just using a bot.
Yeah.
He has absolutely no engagements are going ignore this guy equally.
So one thing you'll notice is I think that the tweets are listed by how many do they bring to my followers.
A hundred percent sure I can do anything if I can't do it.
I know how to get help.
Ben Carson is blogging about Ben Carson fascinating.
OK so this guy looks like he is a master share pretty of an artist but now did you find that post was
right on the 17th.
From his from John Rampton.
Barack Obama.
So if you go farther down this is what I generally do.
I just scroll all the way down and I just search for it.
So John you know and there you go.
OK.
So I can comment here and thrice the same thing.
I wasn't very impressed.
With the list
I did some techniques
text me cause
you're interested
whatever.
OK.
Fatima and message maybe a couple more of these people.
She has 140 followers.
70.
I'm looking for people with low amounts followers because I'm more likely to respond.
But then also I'm just making sure that they're active enough
so
all this
scroll down.
Like I said we should be able to find it.
From on Twitter you'll be lying to me since you retweet it.
Maybe she just liked it.
Maybe the retweet last year a little more strategic about it.
Of teacher Mm.
Now this person different patina.
OK
this personal that we read it or respond.
But I think Twitter is full of shit for these people are deleting their tweets.
It claims that yeah they retweeted it but then they retweet is not on their list.
There we go.
Cool.
OK so
John I don't want to jump Rampton So I just want respond to her.
OK so I can say the same thing listed by
semi-relevant and I think that probably going to do it for this technique.
So I will keep watching the coupon code that I've been saying out get your 10 and see if anybody uses
it to come through.
I can also watch the links to see if people are clicking it doesn't necessarily give me all the information
I need.
Again guys it's a manual process right.
So I just spent 15 minutes doing this.
You could do it and just spend 30 hours doing it and after three hours depending on what you're selling
it can be very easily the case that you get 10 customers.
If I'm selling something with a coupon at $10 and it's a chorus it's fairly ubiquitous enough that people
know what it is and it has its own promo video.
I mean they like that.
So I wouldn't be surprised if I spent two hours doing this that I'd get 10 customers and a hundred bucks.
I really don't think it be terribly hard.
But anyway so that was an example of doing topicality on Twitter.
All right guys see the next dr.